The last component that we need to discuss is single page application, the single page applications
are basically JavaScript application.
They run in a browser in that browser, can be on a desktop or that browser can be on a mobile.
What makes them special is that they are highly interactive because they actually the entire application
run on the browser itself.
You can just see how that works.
The other thing that we can do with single page application is that we can easily convert them into
mobile apps, which are called this hybrid mobile labs now hybrid mobile apps.
They have slightly different experience from the native mobile apps in terms of the refinement of UI
because native apps, they use native components, but hybrid mobile apps, they are definitely run
in a browser view.
So there may be a slight difference in terms of the refinement of components, but it comes pretty close
to native mobile app.
So that's why single page application idea is pretty popular that you can make highly interactive web
applications and you can even run them on mobile as mobile applications.
Now, the very single page application work says that in order to start a single page application,
we first make a browser go to a web server.
In the response, the browser will download the entire code for running that single page application
so that code will be JavaScript and the template adjustments that are required to run the single page
application and the data that is required to show it to a user if that data is not a static data.
That data is fetched from a banking, and those calls are usually ejects calls and they hit West interface
on the backend.
And this interface can easily provide adjacent response so that Jason Browser can easily use and use
to use that data to show the pages.
So only pages are downloaded on the application in one chart in the first step.
And as per user interaction as in when some data is required, the data is fetched from the backend
using rest interface.
So that is how single page applications work now in order to make single page applications.
We have three choices we can either use anchorages framework, we can use any Edge's library or we can
use villager's framework.
Out of these angular framework is the oldest one, and View JS framework is the most recent one.
Angular is supported by Google.
It came out of Facebook and villagers came from Alibaba in China.
Angular changed quite a lot between version one and version to.
In fact, version two is not backward compatible with version one, so it has seen a lot of change the
edges.
At the same time became pretty popular because it was easy to learn it was mostly JavaScript based.
No extra learning like it was dead in angular JS.
So ingrained yes is slightly more complicated to learn as compared to the edges library, so the libraries
easier.
It's purely based on JavaScript and GSX Code, which ultimately converts into JavaScript.
So Regis became pretty popular, and the fact that Regis is very popular and it is easy to learn, especially
for people who are good with JavaScript.
This is the choice for our system, so we will go ahead with Regis Library.